Minor rewrite of the readme (#89)
developmentseed/openeo-studio: README.md

# OpenEO Studio
A browser-based editor for writing and running openEO processes with results rendered on a map as soon as they're computed.  
Write your algorithm in Python, point it at your data, and see the output on a map - no local install, no server-side execution to manage. Code runs client-side via [Pyodide](https://pyodide.org/); the map is served by [titiler-openeo](https://github.com/sentinel-hub/titiler-openeo) with tiles computed on the fly.

## Table of Contents

- [Where this fits in the openEO ecosystem](#where-this-fits-in-the-openeo-ecosystem)
- [Installation and Usage](#installation-and-usage)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Made possible by](#made-possible-by)

## Where this fits in the openEO ecosystem
[openEO](https://openeo.org/) defines a common API for processing earth observation data. openEO Studio is one client for that API, focused on interactive and visual exploration.

> **[openEO Web Editor](https://editor.openeo.org/)** is the general-purpose reference client for the ecosystem: it lets users pick from a list of registered backends, browse collections, and build workflows with a visual process graph editor as well as code.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[openEO Web Editor](https://editor.openeo.org/)** is the general-purpose reference client for the ecosystem: it lets users connect to different backends, browse collections, and build and execute workflows with a visual process graph editor as well as a simple code editor.  
```

> **openEO Studio** trades that power and flexibility for a simpler, code-first, single-purpose tool: each deployment is wired to one backend and the emphasis is on fast map feedback while iterating on that code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **openEO Studio** trades that power and flexibility for a simpler, code-first, single-purpose tool: each deployment is wired to one backend and the emphasis is on fast map feedback while iterating on that code.
```

Reviewer: I propose to add bullet points to these two paragraphs.

> If you need to browse multiple backends or run long-running processes, the Web Editor is the better fit. If you want a lightweight, embeddable, code-driven map exploration tool, that's what this project is for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When to choose which: If you need to execute long-running processing of EO data, the Web Editor is the better fit. If you want to do exploratory processing with on-the-fly map visualisation and rapid iteration on algorithm development, that's what this project is for.
```

Reviewer: This is a key "product pitch" like paragraph. Where does openEO Studio add value?

I don't think swapping backends is a key differentiator for the openEO Web Editor. I suppose we could quite easily add that to openEO Studio as well.

To me, it's the visual feedback and convenient synchronous execution, enabling quick feedback cycles, that is is the unique value prop of openEO Studio.
